# What's new in Volt MX Go v2.0.1

*Release date: October 2, 2023*

## New features

### Design Import

- Rich text support: Added Summernote Editor component in the Design Import wizard; will recognize a rich text field and present Summernote Editor to work with the rich text.

### VoltFormula

- Added new API implementation in Date-Time category, List category,
and User environment category on the Notes Formula.

## Improvements

### Design Import

- Single scope support is now available and is compatible with Domino REST API v1.0.7.
- When a pre-existing Domino REST API service is used, the wizard can now manage multiple services in addition to the one generated by the wizard.
- Multivalue fields are now presented as a scrollable bulleted list rather than a comma separated list.
- Sort the scope list alphabetically in the view form.
- Optimized design workflow - unavailable fields are hidden in unconfigured forms. 

### VoltFormula

- API
    - Document Category
        - Change `SetField` to Commit DB changes to the server.
        - New default for API Context: `'all'`; for use by `GetField`/`SetField`
        - `FileSave` enhancements
    - Exposed Volt MX-specific functions in API.
    - Updates to [API Reference Documentation](../../javadoc/index.html)


- Volt MX Go Iris
    - IntelliSense:
        - Allow lookups for multiple levels in OpenFormula.
        - Support wildcard category search by using an asterisk.
        - Type-ahead is now a function argument for formula language and JavaScript.
        - Find the component body for a module.
    - Code Editors:
        - Action editor improvements for formula snippet
        - Delay formula conversion call with configurable milliseconds timer
        - Show formula results on-demand
    - Added log information about VoltFormula download and initialization status.
    - Added configuration settings and statics in the project configuration.
  
### First Touch

- First Touch Recipes Catalog app includes additional functionality to bring up a list of related recipes from the same cuisine when checking a recipe. 
- Implemented general improvements to the mobile version. 

## Resolved issues

### Domino Adapter

- Using special characters as part of the search parameter for the `$filter` in the `GET` method returned errors. An example is the `=` sign in the search parameter value `col1 eq B=S`. Performing GET method with `$filter=col1 eq B=S` would return an error. You have to enter it as `$filter=col1 eq Bx_003dS`.
- The `$FILES` field wasn't usable for the `$filter` query parameter to find documents with a specified attachment, for example, `$filter=x_0024FILES eq attName.txt`. 
- An incorrect access token was used for an operation when multiple users performed operations simultaneously while using a shared connection instance to a Domino REST API server.  
- Volt MX Go Iris threw an exception on a `GET` operation on view data models when the maximum depth of the view hierarchy is more than two hierarchy levels. An example of a view hierarchy with more than two hierarchy levels is a document with a response and a response to that response. 

### VoltFormula

- API Fixes
    - Fixed the 0 second or minute in @Date function.
    - Fixed documentation of arrays.
    - Removed `Compatibility` category in the API Reference.
    - Fixed use of the function MROUND instead of ROUND.
    - Fixed the Notes `@ReplaceSubstring` bug.
    - Fixed the API reference for Note `businessDays`.

## Others

- Added details related to kubectl commands failing in [Troubleshooting](../troubleshoot.md).
- Added details related to using helm charts on supported Kubernetes platform in [Known limitations](../knownlimitation.md).
- Added upgrade procedures in [Installation and upgrade](../../tutorials/installation.md). 

### First Touch
- Added procedure for [importing First Touch into Volt MX Go Iris](../../howto/importft.md).

### Domino Adapter
- Added procedure for [generating CRUD forms for an Object Service](../../howto/codegen.md).
- Added details related to deleting offline documents in [Known limitations](../knownlimitation.md).
- Added known limitation related to deleting offline documents. 

## VoltScript Early Access

*VoltScript* is a [BASIC](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BASIC) scripting language for use with HCL Volt MX Go as a server-side scripting language running within the Foundry middleware layer. *VoltScript* includes:

- Visual Studio Code extension for allowing developers to write code in VS Code
- Linux Docker image for allowing Mac developers to use the VS Code extension
- Language enhancements for improving consistency and ease of use
- Open-source helpers, such as a library with advanced collection and map collections, a unit testing framework, and a serializer and deserializer for JSON-based object persistence
- A toolkit for scaffolding the various VoltScript extensions and script code and autogenerating starter code and related documentation
- Various VoltScript Extensions for supporting various processes, such as data access over HTTP to specific or generic REST services, handling JSON data, interacting with the operating system and files, managing input parameters

To learn more about the **early access version** of VoltScript and related components, see [VoltScript Documentation](https://help.hcltechsw.com/docs/voltscript/early-access/index.html).