# What's new in Volt MX Go v2.0.2
*Release date: November 16, 2023*

## New Features

### Design Import

- Uploading and downloading attachments in Domino applications are now enabled through Design Import as Domino REST API allows configuration of the `$FILES` field.  
- The import of Domino applications now includes support for mobile and tablets. 
- The configuration of a single scope is now possible in the Identity Service of the Design Import wizard.

### VoltFormula

##### Iris: VoltFormula
- The capability to register and deregister custom APIs for Rosetta. See [Register and unregister custom API](../../howto/regunregconfig.md)
- Display only the file name of the custom formula extension in the VoltFormula settings. See the image of  [Unregister custom API](../../howto/regunregconfig.md#unregister-custom-api)



## Improvements

- Volt IQ capabilities are now functional in Volt MX Go. For more information, see [Volt IQ](https://opensource.hcltechsw.com/volt-mx-docs/95/docs/documentation/Iris/iris_user_guide/Content/Volt_IQ.html){: target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"} in the Volt MX documentation.
- You can now build Windows and macOS Desktop applications with the latest release of Volt MX Go.

### Domino Adapter 

- Summernote Editor is automatically applied on Rich Text fields of CREATE and UPDATE forms when generating CRUD forms for Object Service.

### VoltFormula

##### Rosetta API Reference Documentation

- Implemented updates to the [Rosetta API Reference Documentation](../../javadoc/index.html).

##### Rosetta API

- Implemented the Rosetta API updates for the:
    -  List category, 
    -  Text category,
    -  Date Time category,
    -  User-Environment category,
    -  Object object support for VoltMx framework.
- For database and service methods under the API category, missing documentation for Volt MX Go-based APIs has been added.
- Implemented updates on `package-lock.json` to include the new converter.
- Implemented the addition of missing documentation for the compatibility methods layer.
- Implement the use the most recent converters that have a restructured usage of JS Native.
- Implement the Offline Object Support for VoltMX framework.

##### Rosetta Converters
- Implement support for native JavaScript when using OpenFormula.



## Resolved issues

### Domino Adapter 

- An updated document wasn't displayed on the Details form, and updates were reflected on the first document of the NSF file due to the empty filter query parameter on one of the Service Action objects on the Details form. The issue was encountered for forms without the `$FILES` Domino field.

### Design Import

- There was an unnecessary `Form1` after import completion.
- The scope can't be reloaded after performing Domino REST API modifications.
- Import crashed or stopped responding when there were duplicate form and field names, or there was a lack of array for forms, fields, views, and agents. 

### VoltFormula

##### Rosetta API
- Resolved issue with generating definitions for custom API extensions.
- Resolved the issue where the Replace Notes function was not providing accurate results when multiple instances used the same replacement values.

##### Rosetta Converters
- Resolve issues with date-time conversion parameters when using the @Explode formula function. 
- Resolve issue with OpenFormula conversion that removes the = sign. 
- Resolved the issue with the SELECT conversion by addressing the statements or category  before and after.

## Others

- Updated [Compatibility matrix](../compatibilitymatrix.md).

### VoltFormula

- Removed the App Dev API Framework and App Dev Target Context from the Rosetta configuration file.
- Remove the Rosetta event as it is no longer necessary.
- Remove the SelectDocuments API from the Rosetta and Notes functions.
- Notes formula functions @Transform() and @Sort() undergo additional processing during conversion in Rosetta Converters.