# What's new in Volt MX Go v2.1
*Release date: MMMM DD, 2024*

## New features

- Volt MX Go components are now provided as plugins for installation on Volt Foundry and Volt Iris using the Volt MX Go Plugin Installer. This setup enables users to access the features of Volt MX Go while benefiting from regular updates to Volt Foundry and Volt Iris, including release versions, service packs, and fix packs.

- Simplifies the installation of Volt MX Go server components on supported Kubernetes platforms using a single Helm chart. Using a single Helm chart also simplifies the upgrade of Volt MX Go server components on supported Kubernetes platforms to Volt MX Go v2.1. For more information, see installation and upgrade topics in [Install and upgrade](../../tutorials/installation.md).

### Design Import

- Generates Object Service from Volt MX Go Iris to Volt MX Go Foundry via API call instead of using a ZIP file, resulting in consistent adaptation to enhancements in the Domino Adapter.

- Added support for form fields configured as read-only so that they're visible in the Details form and the Update form of the published app. Read-only fields visible in the Update form are uneditable.  

### Domino Adapter

- Added **ServerInfo** endpoint for getting Domino and Domino REST API version information, and **AttachmentsInfo** endpoint for getting information of document attachments. For more information, see [Other Metadata](../../topicguides/datamodel.md#other-metadata).

- The scope name can now be exposed from the **Metadata** attribute of the `x_0040unid` field of a form or a view of a generated data model in an Object Service. 

- Added support for retrieving view documents using the query parameter `$filter=documentsOnly eq true` and retrieving distinct view documents using the query parameter `$filter=distinctDocuments eq true` when performing the view-based GET method. For more information, see [Supported OData query parameters for view-based GET method](../../topicguides/method.md#supported-odata-query-parameters-for-view-based-get-method).

### VoltFormula

#### Rosetta API

- Implemented new APIs:

    |Category|API|
    |:---|:---|
    |*document*|`dialogBox()`</br>`openInNewWindow()`|
    |*user-environment*|`platform()`|
    
    For more information, see the [Rosetta API reference documentation](../../javadoc/index.html).

#### Volt MX Go Iris

- Added Hikes that you can use to learn concepts related to VoltFormula. For more information, see [Access VoltFormula Hikes](../../howto/VFHikes.md).

## Improvements

### Design Import

- Implemented the following UI enhancements on the **Design Import Wizard** for better user experience:
    - Added filter buttons on the **Scope and Forms** page to easily filter the active, inactive, and unsupported forms, views, and agents. 
    - Added an expander arrow on the **Summary** page to simultaneously show or hide the details of the imported forms, views, or agents. 
    - Added the **Show failed imports** toggle on the **Agents** tab to easily identify imported agents with errors. 
- Implemented improvements in the design import process to improve the handling of large databases and to enhance the user experience when interacting with the published app. 

### Domino Adapter

- Implemented UTF-8 encoding and decoding for all Rich Text content to ensure correct processing and display of DBCS characters.

### VoltFormula

#### Rosetta API

- Implemented the following improvement modifications:

    |Category|Description|
    |:---|:---|
    |*document*|Implemented enhancements to the `getField()` and `setField()` APIs to work with the browser document object model as the default framework.|

    For more information, see the [Rosetta API reference documentation](../../javadoc/index.html).

- Implemented the `@SelectDocuments` Notes Formula language function with improved API performance. It was also reconfigured to return the list of documents selected instead of the list of view records.

#### Rosetta Converter

- Converts `@If` Notes Formula language function to Native JavaScript.
- Returns async anonymous function by setting.
- Returns last valid statement by setting. 
- Redefined string literals and escape sequences. 

## Resolved issues

### Design Import

- Fixed the issue related to long scope name that prevented the importation of the Domino application. 

### VoltFormula

#### Volt MX Go Iris

- Fixed the issue where the Rosetta Plugin was affecting the Live Preview feature of Volt MX Go Iris from working as expected.
- Fixed the issue where the **Formula Results** tab in the **Formula Editor** showed an error related to the evaluation of a converted code outside a function. 

#### Rosetta API

- Fixed the issue where the Rosetta SDK prevented the Live Preview feature of Volt MX Go Iris from working as expected.   
- Fixed the issue where the `@Right` Notes Formula language function returned incorrect results. 
- Fixed the issue that occurred when passing a function on the Rosetta `@If` API.
- Fixed the issue where the *user-environment* category was missing the `_notes` exported value.


#### Rosetta Converter

- Fixed the formula parameter having variable definition. 

#### Rosetta Plugin

- Fixed the issue of preventing the Live Preview feature of Volt MX Go Iris from working as expected.

### Volt MX Go Iris

- Fixed the issue where building the web app fails when executing **Build and Publish Web** and selecting *Release* as the **Build Mode**.

- Fixed the issue where an imported Domino application, published via **Build and Publish Web**, didn't function as expected. Specifically, the selected data by a view wasn't showing correctly, and a user couldn't add data to forms. 

- Fixed the issue where a Base64 encoded string was displayed instead of the Rich Text content when accessing a web app published via **Build and Publish Web**.

### Volt MX Go Foundry

- Fixed the issue where a user can't edit an Active Directory Identity Provider configuration as the Active Directory configuration information was missing.

## Others  

- Added option for allowing users to configure Kubernetes Ingress for Domino REST API using their custom SSL certificate.

    For more information, see [Configure Kubernetes Ingress for Domino REST API](../../howto/drapiingress.md).  

### Design Import

- Added details on how Design Import handles forms and views having DBCS character names or duplicate names, and also custom forms created in Domino REST API. For more information, see [Known limitations](../knownlimitation.md#design-import).

- Added details on how Design Import handles Domino database views with columns having the same name. For more information, see [Known limitations](../knownlimitation.md#domino-database-view-with-duplicate-column-names).

### Domino Adapter

- Added details on how Domino Adapter handles Domino database views with columns having the same name. 

    For more information, see [Known limitations](../knownlimitation.md#domino-database-view-with-duplicate-column-names).

### VoltFormula

- Added details on how to represent view selection formulas in API. 

    For more information, see [Representing view selection formulas in API](../../topicguides/selectfl.md).

#### Rosetta API

- There is no plan to implement the `windowTile()` API under the *window* category. 
- Updated the implementation status of the `@If` Notes Formula language function to *no plans to implement*.
- The `context()` API has been moved from the *volt-formula* category to the *document* category.
- The `debug()` API has been moved from the *volt-formula* category to the *information* category.
- Removed the *database.utils* and *volt-formula* categories from the [Rosetta API reference documentation](../../javadoc/index.html).

#### Volt MX Go Iris

- Removed the **@If, IF** option in the **Converter Configuration** of the **VoltFormula** tab in the **Project Settings**.  