# What's new in Volt MX Go v10.0

Release date - September xx, 2025

## New features

### Design Import  

- Added support for Double-Byte Character Set that now allows import of forms and views with DBCS character names.

### Domino Adapter

- Added support for the view column `isHidden` property. For more information, see [Column characteristics](../topicguides/adapter/datamodel.md#column-characteristics).

## Improvements

### Domino Adapter

- Improved user experience when using the configured Object Service in Volt Foundry, as the connection timeout to the Domino REST API has been extended, resulting in fewer login prompts.

### VoltFormula

#### Rosetta API

- The Rosetta-only specific functions are now classified under a new **Custom** category, making it easier to identify those functions exclusive to the Rosetta formula language.

- The Rosetta-only specific functions `debug()`, `context()`, and `restfulAPI()` are now usable from OpenFormula as `=DEBUG`, `=CONTEXT`, and `=RESTFULAPI`, respectively.

#### Volt Iris

- Updated formula samples for `@Debug`, `@Context`, and `@RestfulAPI` Rosetta-only specific functions.

## Resolved issues

### Design Import

- Fixed issue with form generation if the `@Prompt` Formula Language component was added to a project. Also addressed the issue where the Update form mappings malfunctioned after saving or reloading when the `@Prompt` Formula Language component was added to a project.

### Domino Adapter

- Fixed the issue related to invalid mapping for the delete object when generating forms for an object service that has both Form and View data models.

### VoltFormula

- Fixed the issue in the conversion mechanism that removed the `@` character from all Notes @functions that use no parentheses, such as `@True`.

- Fixed the CORS issue related to Domino REST API.

## Others

### Domino Adapter

- Added examples for querying date ranges. For details, see the examples table in [Supported OData query parameters for form-based GET method](../topicguides/adapter/method.md#supported-odata-query-parameters-for-form-based-get-method).
