# What's new in Volt MX Go v2.1.1

Release date - April 28, 2025

## New features

### Design Import

- A new search feature has been added to the **Forms**, **Views**, and **Agents** tabs on the **Scope and Forms** page of the **Design Import Wizard**. It enables users to quickly find forms, fields, actions, views, and agents, with results updating automatically as they type. It also displays the number of search results for better user experience, particularly for applications that contain many forms, fields, actions, views, and agents.

- Added support for Double-Byte Character Set that now allows import of forms and views with DBCS character names.

### Domino Adapter

- The maximum number of documents in the view of a generated data model in an Object Service can now be exposed via the `x_0040totalCount` meta field. For more information, see [Meta Fields](../topicguides/adapter/datamodel.md#meta-fields).

- The original Domino object model names, even those containing special characters, can now be exposed from the **Metadata** attribute of the `x_0040unid` field of a form or a view of a generated data model in an Object Service.
- Checks the Domino REST API version when generating an Object Service data model to ensure that the version of Domino REST API is compatible with and supports the latest features of the Domino Adapter. Users are advised to upgrade Domino REST API to the compatible version when the check fails.

## Improvements

- To ensure proper operation, the installed versions of Volt Foundry and Volt Iris are now checked for compatibility when installing the Volt MX Go plugins. If incompatible, the plugin installation stops, and users are informed of their current and required minimum Volt Foundry and Volt Iris versions.

### Design Import

- A user can now readily correct entries on the **Create New Identity Service** page of the **Design Import Wizard** in case of an error connecting to Domino REST API during the **Identity Service** step of the Design Import workflow.

- A user can now readily correct entries on the **Create New Identity Service** page of the **Design Import Wizard** in case of an error connecting to Domino REST API during the **Identity Service** step of the Design Import workflow. When the error occurs, the user is informed of the details and how to address it. The user is then redirected to the **Create New Identity Service** page, where previously entered information is retained, making it easier to update only the needed information.

    In case of an error connecting to Domino REST API using an existing identity service during the **Identity Service** step, the user is informed of the details and how to address it. This enables the user to easily update the existing identity service in Volt MX Go Foundry based on the received information.

- Added the following operations to the Design Import integration service:
    - `runFormula` for executing a formula and returning the results.
    - `getScope` for retrieving the configuration for a scope mapped to a database schema.
    - `bulkGetDocumentByUnid` for retrieving documents in a single call by UNID.

### Domino Adapter

- Users can now see the updated documents in the **Response** after performing a **BULK UPDATE**, as their UNIDs are mapped to the `x_0040unid` field in Volt MX Go Foundry, even with the **Return Documents from Bulk Update** parameter set to false.
- Domino icons indicating links to Domino attachments are now supported and viewable on the built and published Domino application.
- The columns in the generated Grid form are now displayed similarly to the column arrangement in Domino, resulting in a better user experience.
- Added `x_0040warnings` metal-field for form-based data models. The `x_0040warnings` meta-field contains notifications, messages, or other relevant information that indicates potential issues that might need attention, providing users with a way to track and manage those issues. For more information, see [Meta fields](../topicguides/adapter/datamodel.md#meta-fields).

### VoltFormula

#### Volt MX Go Iris

- Added text and icon for the **Add Formula** in the **Action Editor**.
- Enhanced how the return statement works in the Volt MX Go Iris formula.

#### Rosetta API

- Added support for using Domino View and Form names with special characters.
- Implemented `getViewEntriesCount` for Volt MX framework.

#### Rosetta Converter

- Defined parser for `@Return`.
- Updated `getAIResponse` to handle non ok status.

## Resolved issues

### Design Import

- Fixed the issue where design elements with Japanese names weren't imported, even after the design import process was completed.
<!--
Need to confirm MXOP-13076
### Volt MX Go Iris
- Fixed the issue where applications built with Volt MX Go Iris weren't displayed correctly if Volt MX Go Iris was running on Microsoft Windows with a Japanese locale.-->
## Others

- Updated the [Rosetta API reference documentation](../javadoc/index.html).
- Added implementation details related to [MailSend()](../topicguides/voltformula/rosetta/mailsend.md) and [Compose()](../topicguides/voltformula/rosetta/compose.md).
- Added details of what users must be aware of and what related actions to take when using Volt MX Go. For more information, see [Additional considerations](../references/addconsideration.md).
