# What's new in Volt MX Go v2.1.2

Release date - June 16, 2025

## New features

### Design Import

- Added support for Double-Byte Character Set that now allows import of forms and views with DBCS character names.

### Domino Adapter

## Improvements

### Design Import

- A user can now readily correct entries on the **Create New Identity Service** page of the **Design Import Wizard** in case of an error connecting to Domino REST API during the **Identity Service** step of the Design Import workflow. When the error occurs, the user is informed of the details and how to address it. The user is redirected to the **Create New Identity Service** page, where previously entered information is saved, simplifying the correction process since only the necessary details need to be updated.

    In case of an error connecting to Domino REST API using an existing identity service during the **Identity Service** step, the user is informed of the details and how to address it. This enables the user to easily update the existing identity service in Volt Foundry based on the received information.

### Domino Adapter

- Improved the Domino Adapter function for displaying date values on label widgets by allowing it to show the received invalid date values as raw string values. Additionally, when the function encounters an invalid date value, a console log is generated to inform users that the raw string representation of the invalid date is displayed.

- Improved the Domino Adapter function for displaying date values in calendar widgets by allowing it to show a null value when it receives an invalid date value. This change prevents errors that could impact other fields on the page of a Volt Iris-published application. Additionally, a console log is generated when the function receives an invalid date value, informing users that it encountered an error while converting the invalid date value into the required format for the calendar widget.

### VoltFormula

#### Volt Iris

#### Rosetta API

#### Rosetta Converter

<!--for 2.1.2
## Resolved issues

### Design Import

- Fixed the issue where design elements with Japanese names weren't imported, even after the design import process was completed.

    !!! note

        This capability will not be available until Volt Iris support is added in an upcoming Volt Iris release.

Need to confirm MXOP-13076
### Volt Iris
- Fixed the issue where applications built with Volt Iris weren't displayed correctly if Volt Iris was running on Microsoft Windows with a Japanese locale.-->
## Others


