# What's new

The section provides information on the latest features, improvements, and resolved issues related to Volt MX Go.

## Volt MX Go v2.0.2
*Release date: November 16, 2023*

### Improvements

- Volt IQ capabilities are now functional in Volt MX Go. For more information, see [Volt IQ](https://opensource.hcltechsw.com/volt-mx-docs/95/docs/documentation/Iris/iris_user_guide/Content/Volt_IQ.html){: target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"} in the Volt MX documentation.
- You can now build Windows and macOS Desktop applications with the latest release of Volt MX Go.

##### Domino Adapter 

- Summernote Editor is automatically applied on Rich Text fields of CREATE and UPDATE forms when generating CRUD forms for Object Service.

##### Design Import

- The DRAPI now allows for configuration of the $FILES field, enabling the uploading and downloading of attachments in Domino applications through Design Import. 
- The import of domino applications now includes support for mobile and tablets. 
- The configuration of a single scope is now possible in the Identity Service of the Design Import wizard.


### Resolved issues

##### Domino Adapter 

- An updated document wasn't displayed on the Details form, and updates were reflected on the first document of the NSF file due to the empty filter query parameter on one of the Service Action objects on the Details form. The issue was encountered for forms without the `$FILES` Domino field.

##### Design Import
- Remove unnecessary Form1 when migration completes.
- Allow scope reload if DRAPI modifications are performed.
- Fix import crash on duplicate form and field names.
- Fix potential import crash or hang on lack of array for forms, fields, views, agents.

### Others

- Updated [Compatibility matrix](compatibilitymatrix.md).

## Volt MX Go v2.0.1
*Release date: October 2, 2023*
### New features
##### Design Import

- Rich text support: Added Summernote Editor component in the Design Import wizard; will recognize a rich text field and present Summernote Editor to work with the rich text.

##### VoltFormula

- Added new API implementation in Date-Time category, List category,
and User environment category on the Notes Formula.

### Improvements

##### Design Import

- Single scope support is now available and is compatible with Domino REST API v1.0.7.
- When a pre-existing Domino REST API service is used, the wizard can now manage multiple services in addition to the one generated by the wizard.
- Multivalue fields are now presented as a scrollable bulleted list rather than a comma separated list.
- Sort the scope list alphabetically in the view form.
- Optimized design workflow - unavailable fields are hidden in unconfigured forms. 

##### VoltFormula

- API
    - Document Category
        - Change `SetField` to Commit DB changes to the server.
        - New default for API Context: `'all'`; for use by `GetField`/`SetField`
        - `FileSave` enhancements
    - Exposed Volt MX-specific functions in API.
    - Updates to [API Reference Documentation](../javadoc/index.html)


- MX Go Iris
    - Intellisense:
        - Allow lookups for multiple levels in Open Formula.
        - Support wildcard category search by using an asterisk.
        - Type-ahead is now a function argument for formula language and JavaScript.
        - Find the component body for a module.
    - Code Editors:
        - Action editor improvements for formula snippet
        - Delay formula conversion call with configurable milliseconds timer
        - Show formula results on-demand
    - Added log information about VoltFormula download and initialization status.
    - Added configuration settings and statics in the project configuration.
  
##### First Touch

- First Touch Recipes Catalog app includes additional functionality to bring up a list of related recipes from the same cuisine when checking a recipe. 
- Implemented general improvements to the mobile version. 

### Resolved issues

##### Domino Adapter
- Using special characters as part of the search parameter for the `$filter` in the `GET` method returned errors. An example is the `=` sign in the search parameter value `col1 eq B=S`. Performing GET method with `$filter=col1 eq B=S` would return an error. You have to enter it as `$filter=col1 eq Bx_003dS`.
- The `$FILES` field wasn't usable for the `$filter` query parameter to find documents with a specified attachment, for example, `$filter=x_0024FILES eq attName.txt`. 
- An incorrect access token was used for an operation when multiple users performed operations simultaneously while using a shared connection instance to a Domino REST API server.  
- Iris threw an exception on a `GET` operation on view data models when the maximum depth of the view hierarchy is more than two hierarchy levels. An example of a view hierarchy with more than two hierarchy levels is a document with a response and a response to that response. 

##### VoltFormula

- API Fixes
    - Fixed the 0 second or minute in @Date function.
    - Fixed documentation of arrays.
    - Removed `Compatibility` category in the API Reference.
    - Fixed use of the function MROUND instead of ROUND.
    - Fixed the Notes `@ReplaceSubstring` bug.
    - Fixed the API reference for Note `businessDays`.

### Others

- Added details related to kubectl commands failing in [Troubleshooting](troubleshoot.md).
- Added details related to using helm charts on supported Kubernetes platform in [Known limitations](knownlimitation.md).
- Added upgrade procedures in [Installation and upgrade](../tutorials/installation.md). 
##### First Touch
- Added procedure for [importing First Touch into Iris](../howto/importft.md).
##### Domino Adapter
- Added procedure for [generating CRUD forms for an Object Service](../howto/codegen.md).
- Added details related to deleting offline documents in [Known limitations](knownlimitation.md).
- Added known limitation related to deleting offline documents. 

### VoltScript Early Access

*VoltScript* is a [BASIC](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BASIC){: target="_blank"} scripting language for use with HCL Volt MX Go as a server-side scripting language running within the Foundry middleware layer. *VoltScript* includes:

- Visual Studio Code extension for allowing developers to write code in VS Code
- Linux Docker image for allowing Mac developers to use the VS Code extension
- Language enhancements for improving consistency and ease of use
- Open-source helpers, such as a library with advanced collection and map collections, a unit testing framework, and a serializer and deserializer for JSON-based object persistence
- A toolkit for scaffolding the various VoltScript extensions and script code and autogenerating starter code and related documentation
- Various VoltScript Extensions for supporting various processes, such as data access over HTTP to specific or generic REST services, handling JSON data, interacting with the operating system and files, managing input parameters

To learn more about the **early access version** of VoltScript and related components, see [VoltScript Documentation](https://help.hcltechsw.com/docs/voltscript/early-access/index.html){: target="_blank"}.  


## Volt MX Go v2.0

HCL Volt MX Go v2.0 allows you to extend the value of your Domino applications using the industry-leading, multi-experience platform Volt MX. The innovative features of Volt MX Go include:

- *VoltFormula* for expanding who can code applications built in Domino and allowing app modernization without a complete code rewrite 
- *Design Import* for importing existing Domino views, forms, and fields into Volt Foundry, giving you a head start on modernizing or creating new multi-experience applications in Volt Iris that are connected to your Domino back-end data and applications
- *Domino Adapter* and *Domino REST API* for connecting Volt Foundry to your Domino applications
- *First Touch* for guiding users in establishing connections and importing sample apps into Volt Foundry

???note "Early access version changes"
    For the updates and changes in the early access version, see [Early Access Version changes](earlyaccesschanges.md).
